Getting Started
===============

Aircontrol is made simple to use yet powerful. Aircontrol source code
and binaries will be available for Unity URL and Unity HDRP.
Aircontrol-Airplane can be controlled through Keyboard, Python API.

The Joystick control mechanism is a work in progress.

HDRP and URP
------------

HDRP targets high-end hardware such as PC, Xbox, and PlayStation. You
can achieve realistic graphics in demanding scenarios. HDRP uses Compute
Shader technology and takes advantage of GPU hardware.

Use HDRP to create high-fidelity games, automotive demos, architectural
applications, and anything that prioritizes graphics quality. HDRP uses
physically-based Lighting and Materials and supports both Forward and
Deferred rendering paths.

The Universal Render Pipeline (URP) is a prebuilt Scriptable Render
Pipeline, made by Unity. URP provides artist-friendly workflows that let
you quickly and easily create optimized graphics across a range of
platforms, from mobile to high-end consoles and PCs.

The Universal Render Pipeline (URP) is a prebuilt Scriptable Render
Pipeline, made by Unity. URP provides artist-friendly workflows that let
you quickly and easily create optimized graphics across a range of
platforms, from mobile to high-end consoles and PCs.

HDRP can be used for Dataset generation as well as for High-Resolution
deep learning.

URP takes less compute resources compared to the HDRP. Hence it can be
used for long-lasting simulations. URP{also can be used for data
generation.}

Generally, HDRP is used for data generation and users might want to
change the environment and bring more assets. Due to this HDRP source
code is available and not the builds.

**Linux, Windows, and Mac builds will be only available for the URP
pipeline.**

|image0|

We have already seen when to choose the HDRP and URP paths.

Within URP again you have two choices: 1. **Source Code**:if you know
Unity Engine and you want to change the base functionality go ahead with
the source code. Please refer to the source code usage guide. 2.
**Binary Releases**: If you are interested in performing the
Reinforcement Learning tasks you can go ahead with the binary releases.
Please refer to the binary usage guide.

|image1|

Once you have a sufficient understanding of how Aircontrol works, Please
contribute to the AirControl.

.. |image0| image:: ../images/release_type.png
.. |image1| image:: ../images/usage_guide.png
